Clarify usage and impacts of microejVee configuration in dependencies (#1104)
MicroEJ/docs: SDK6UserGuide/testProject.rst

but without requiring the board.
This solution is therefore less constraining and more portable than testing on the board.

> The target VEE Port must be declared in the projects dependencies, as explained in :ref:`sdk_6_select_veeport`.
> Declaring a VEE Port in project dependencies does not fetch any transitive libraries,
> it is only meant to use the declared VEE Port for all the operations requiring a VEE Port, 
> including testing a project on Simulator or on Device.

Reviewer: Maybe something like:
```suggestion
The target VEE Port must be declared in the projects dependencies, as explained in :ref:`sdk_6_select_veeport`.
Declaring a VEE Port in project dependencies only applies to the current project. This configuration is not fetched transitively by dependent projects.
Especially when configuring the VEE Port to test a library projects, application projects depending on this library will not "see" this test VEE Port, must configure a VEE Port on their own and are free to use a different one.
```

Author: Ok, indeed I understood the main concern. I applied your suggestion with a small change ("dependent" -> "consumer"), I let you check.

Reviewer: OK 👍

but without requiring the board.
This solution is therefore less constraining and more portable than testing on the board.

The target VEE Port must be declared in the projects dependencies, as explained in :ref:`sdk_6_select_veeport`.

Declaring a VEE Port in project dependencies only applies to the current project. 
This configuration is not fetched transitively by consumer projects.

> Especially when configuring the VEE Port to test a library projects, 

Reviewer: That's my bad but:
```suggestion
Especially when configuring the VEE Port to test a library project, 
```

Author: Done.
